Data Structures Mock Interview
Instructions
For this coding interview you will combine two linked lists of rainfall totals for different cities.

Existing Files

src/rainfall.js:
Write your solutions to combine the rainfall totals in this file.

**tests**/rainfall.test.js:
Contains tests for the cycle task. You are welcome to look at this file but do not modify it.

src/lib/data.js:
The Linked Lists of rainfall data used for the tests. Do not edit this file.

src/lib/linkedList.js:
An implementation of a linked list. Do not edit this file.

src/lib/node.js:
An implementation of a node. Do not edit this file.

Task: Combine rainfall totals
Complete the function combineMonthlyRainfallTotals in combinedLists to combine two Linked Lists and return an array of the total combined rainfall for all cities from both lists. The function takes 2 arguments that are both Linked Lists of objects containing the city name and the rainfall total for a given month. An example of an item in the Linked List could be:

{
"city": "San Diego",
"rainfall": 2.5
}

The object structure is the same for every list of rainfall totals. The cities in the first list may or may not be included in the second list but if a city occurs in both lists, combine the rainfall totals for the city so there are no duplicate cities in the resulting array.

So given one Linked List with the following items:
{
"city": "San Diego",
"rainfall": 2.5
},
{
"city": "Toronto",
"rainfall": 3.4
}

And another Linked List with the following items:
{
"city": "San Diego",
"rainfall": 1.6
},
{
"city": "Seattle",
"rainfall": 6.4
}

Then the result of running combineMonthlyRainfallTotals(firstLinkedList, secondLinkedList) would be:
[
{
city: "San Diego",
rainfall: 4.1,
},
{
city: "Toronto",
rainfall: 3.4,
},
{
city: "Seattle",
rainfall: 6.4,
},
];
